Previously on "Salem"...
You're free of my son,
but his brother is still here.
Come Black Sunday,
my true brothers will rise from hell
and stand beside me.
This is his weapon.
Red Mercury. I
want nothing of it.
I have others to think of.
My baby.
Cotton's baby.
You're asking me to marry you.
This business of love.
All this must be one.
But there remains one obstacle.
Isaac.
No tears.
You are the luckiest girl I know.
Everything you
need to kill an angel.
You must forge a dagger with that in it
and kill him with the dagger.
You can do
whatever you want to me.
- Just not here.
- Yes.
Alden will most likely think
it all a dream in the morning,
but he'll never forget what he has seen.
What lies beyond that door?
Beyond that
door lies hell itself.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Dorcas, my sweet child!
- Mama?
- Help me.
Is it really you?
Come to me, little one.
Janet Montgomery
Shane West
Seth Gabel
Tamzin Merchant
Ashley Madekwe
Elise Eberle
Iddo Goldberg
Joe Doyle
Oliver Bell
SALEM
Created by
Brannon Braga & Adam Simon
sync and corrections by siamond1976
- opensubtitles.org -
Special Guest Star
Lucy Lawless
Guest Starring
Jeremy Crutchley
Samuel Roukin
Marilyn Manson
Azure Parsons
Main Title Theme Song by
Marilyn Manson & Tyler Bates
Written by
Donna Thorland & Adam Simon
Directed by
Nick Copus
Oh, co... come in, my lord.
You're... You're most welcome.
You're most welcome.
- The instrument...
- Oh, my God.
will be placed
here, in your trust.
But be very careful.
The instrument is filled
with Red Mercury.
When the hammer strikes, all will blow.
Your work has not gone unnoticed.
Thank you. Thank you.
You are a flesh artist.
Thank you.
And in the new
Commonwealth of Hell
that we shall build on this earth,
you may carve mountains
of flesh if you like...
Just tell me what am I to do.
Guard the instrument.
Let no man disturb it.
And if you would survive,
come to the Sibley Mansion
before the clock strikes on Sunday.
Can I offer you food or a drink?
I have no taste for food.
But drink, I like.
It briefly restores lost wings.
Try this.
Gin.
It burns.
I like it.
What is it?
I did it. He's dead.
Who?
You mean...
Yes. Torn apart.
Left for the animals
to eat, if they dare.
Now, will you help me?
If you have killed the boy
and sent the devil back to hell,
then what more do you need?
Bastard Samael!
You old bastard!
Who is that bellowing?
I believe it is our host.
You are most industrious, my lady.
No rest for the wicked.
What conspiracies do you spin now?
You know very well.
The job is but half done.
We still need to take him out.
Samael!
You... You wanted to be king, brother.
Do you like your little kingdom?
Ohh.
His royal court.
Come to bow and scrape?
It makes no difference to me.
I want no worship and no worshippers.
Then what do you want?
Now that all that was his is yours.
To complete the task.
As intended. Without any distraction...
from you.
N-No.
You're no threat to me or mine now.
None of you are.
I... I don't share my late
brother's ambition to be God,
nor... nor to marry my mother,
nor even to destroy all of mankind,
although I don't
particularly mind if I do.
All I want is to free my fallen angels
and make Earth their new home.
Black Sunday is still coming.
Death and destruction to Salem.
Do not imagine you have
killed my brother.
You have only destroyed
his mortal self...
merely sent him back to hell.
Now, more than ever,
it is imperative that none
of you open the wrong doors.
Do not let that boy back in.
Dorcas?
Easy, boy.
Easy. It's only me.
Easy.
Dorcas?
Anne?
Anne?!
- Cheese!
- Cheese.
Mm! Mm!
I have been craving cheese.
And... oh, cornbread.
- And beans.
- Beans.
Oh, beans.
I shall have the beans on the cornbread,
- with the cheese.
- My love...
Pregnancy is hungry work.
My love, the boy is dead,
or at least banished back to hell.
How?
A mass sacrifice of witches.
It was orchestrated by Mary Sibley...
the Essex Hive.
Their tree tore him limb from limb.
So, we are safe.
No. Not quite. The
Sentinel still lives.
But I do begin to hope
that we may be able
to stop all this from happening.
"We"?
Yes. Mary Sibley,
Sebastian Marburg,
John Alden, and I.
Cotton, they are not your friends.
You cannot trust them.
No, but my enemy's enemy
will have to do in such dark times.
Now, please move into the mansion now...
no more waiting.
I am ready to quit
this house and move today,
but why must you take so much risk?
You have me and the baby to think of.
And that is why I
must risk so much, my love.
So that our little hope may
yet grow up in God's country
and not the devil's.
Please move into the mansion.
In case I fail.
Something's happened to her.
I know it.
They're ready for you.
You need to keep looking
for her while I'm in there.
I will.
I'll be out as soon as I can.
Put those two outside.
And keep everyone away.
Mary.
You live?
Now I believe anything's possible.
Let's hope so, old friend.
Now, gentlemen, we have less
than 48 hours to save Salem.
With respect, Mary.
It's the people that matter...
not the town.
So why not lead them out of here?
The woods are full of enemies.
So, unless you have a fleet of ships
that can sail every man,
woman, and child out of here,
I think it's best that
we save this town.
Please forgive me.
While you work to save all our lives,
I must see to one small but...
precious life.
My men guard the door.
No one will disturb you.
If anyone can save the
people of this town,
it's you two together.
Every one of us is needed now...
as every one of us have played
our role in this resistance.
What role was it
that Captain Alden played?
Remind me.
Apart, that is, from siring
the brat in the first place
and then running away?
I can take out the Sentinel.
How?
Tituba gave me instructions.
Tituba?
When?
Does it matter?
I'm not sure. Maybe.
Go on.
Following her instructions...
I've forged a dagger that
can kill a fallen angel.
Good work, blacksmith.
Why not hand it over to a swordsman.
What I need is help
making sure he is someplace
I can drag him into a dark
alley and get the job done.
I-I think I can do that.
I have a certain dialogue
with the creature.
I believe I can draw him out.
Good.
I will seek out Tituba
and inform her of the boy's destruction.
But even if Captain Alden succeeds,
there still remains a great task.
Yes. Ridding Salem
of every last witch.
This from the world's
least effective witch hunter.
Who couldn't even find one
in the bed beside him.
The Sentinel has made it clear
that he has armed his instrument.
The Red Mercury is somewhere in Salem,
all ready to do its
work of destruction...
with or without him.
I know where it is.
But I shall not be sharing
that information just yet.
I'm aware of how most
of you feel about me,
and I would have some
insurance that I am not fated
to go the same way as the
boy and his Sentinel.
No.
I intend to make myself a
necessary part of your plans.
You selfish, sick,
murdering bastard.
Ohh!
Whatever is between you...
now is not the time.
We have a common goal
to stop Black Sunday.
To save our future.
You're right.
We mustn't let petty jealousies
get in the way of our goal.
Now I suggest we part.
To avoid arousing suspicion,
we should leave singly...
in case we're discovered.
Shall we?
Singly. Remember?
So as not to arouse suspicion.
You should close his mouth,
or the flies will get in.
My brother cannot hold his liquor.
In our pure state, angels...
fallen or otherwise...
never sleep.
Even in my child's body, I
did not so lower myself,
but my brother is made of grosser
stuff.
Do not trust him.
And do not trust Mary Sibley.
Not if you value your life,
Cotton Mather's life,
and the life of your child to come.
What do you mean?
Only I can guarantee the safety
of your would-be family.
You, Mather, the child...
will live long lives of royalty
and privilege in my kingdom.
All you must do is let me in.
Turn the handle.
But it is locked.
Not for you it isn't.
You're a witch.
I gave you power. Use it!
Anne!
Stay away from that door at all costs.
Do not open it.
What makes you
think I was going to?
I have watched you
standing there entranced
these last few moments.
- What is behind it?
- Hell.
The three of us may yet have
a chance at a happy life.
We may be able to stop all this madness.
Anne.
I am no toy. Do not play with me.
I know why you did what you did...
and I forgive you.
You forgive me?!
You should be begging
for my forgiveness.
Tell me you don't enjoy his touch.
I cannot command my body.
But my heart felt nothing.
It curdled inside me every time he...
he touched me.
And I had to endure it.
And beg for more.
Why? For us, John.
Are you really as dense
as he says you are?
The only reason I'm going to Tituba
is to learn about the weapon.
She's a seer.
If she knows a way to stop this...
this bomb,
then we won't need Sebastian,
and I can cease this
charade once and for all.
Even after he protected
you in that house?
You don't feel any fondness
or affection for him?
Not a drop.
Forgive my density.
That's all I needed to hear.
We are such fools in love, aren't we?
And I am the
greatest fool of them all.
I must go.
Your clever Mercy
lured the waif out
with the voice of her
dear departed mother.
Nothing incites
a mob to violence faster
than a threat against a child.
Shh! Quiet.
We are trying to restore
your reputation,
not blacken it.
I didn't just do it for me.
Isaac's growing stature and
real power in Knockers Hole
represents the greatest
threat to your hold on Salem.
Something had to be done.
You should be thanking me.
Don't walk away from me.
I've such grand plans for us.
Tituba. I do not have
magic to open this door.
You must let me in.
The boy is dead.
But at the cost of all our sisters.
The power of sacrifice.
Well played.
Yes.
It is but a partial victory.
You are tired.
Sit down.
I will do that for you.
Sit!
I thought you were
no longer my servant.
But I am your host.
Here.
Thank you.
You told John to kill the Sentinel.
Armed him for it.
I did.
Why not aim him at the boy?
I mean, they're both fallen angels.
What would kill one would
surely kill the other.
I am the seer.
I foresaw that you would handle that.
Your blind eyes...
They see so much.
Have you seen where they've
hidden the weapon?
My eyes cannot
be everywhere at once,
but my cat will search
the town for the weapon.
No.
Try Bishop...
to C4.
Check.
Check!
I wish I could see his face at that!
When's the last time you did?
What?
See God's face.
When I was falling,
I caught a glimpse of that great cloud
raining down disappointment...
upon me.
But it was ever so.
I think I know what you mean.
I myself had a very disapproving father.
I've often wondered
what it would have felt like
to look him in the face
as I killed Him.
It would've felt awful.
Trust me. I should know.
You killed your father?
Yes.
It felt like swallowing a stone.
One that would weigh inside me forever.
But it didn't.
You forgave yourself?
No.
He forgave me.
My father is
incapable of forgiveness...
at least when it comes to my kind.
With you I think it's possible
to know everything, and
yet understand nothing.
You're very
bold today, Mather.
Facing the end of
the world as I know it
seems to have that effect on me.
I never would
have guessed that.
What else might there be
that you don't know about us?
Given that you're bringing about
our imminent destruction,
perhaps it would be wise
to get a taste of the life
that God bestowed on his...
favorite creation.
Perhaps you're right.
I should know more about humanity,
but truth be told, my head aches.
That's called a hangover.
Mm.
What you need is a hair
of the hound that bit you.
No hound bit me,
and I don't eat hounds
or their hair.
I know... it's an expression.
A metaphor.
See, another thing you
don't understand about us
is that we oftentimes say
one thing to mean another.
We use nonsense to...
to make sense.
You're right.
I don't understand.
And you're making my headache worse.
What I mean to say
is, I know what you need.
Which is?
More gin.
She'll never love me.
- I've been such a fool.
- There, there.
You have always been
a fool, but my fool.
Are you at last ready?
For what?
To make her pay.
Yes.
No one has ever played
with me like Mary Sibley.
And Mary Sibley must pay.
Oh, she will.
First, bring me the rest of her blood.
Let me in.
Leave me alone.
Do they intend to
rip each other's arms off?
It's an odd way to do battle.
No... sometimes when
we fight, it is merely play.
Play?
Mm. Yes, play.
For the sport of it.
Fun. The challenge.
To what end?
To no end. That's
what makes it play.
That hurts me.
In the most delightful way.
Music.
Plays the heart's strings.
Another one of your metaphors?
Yes.
See... man is a metaphor.
Man is a mixed thing.
Man is part matter...
Part spirit.
Part angel.
Part animal.
Mostly animal.
Indeed.
Come.
Look.
Does their devotion not move you?
You praise him
because you fear him.
Okay.
- And...
- Sorry.
I know. We did, too!
- Good day, everyone!
- We all did.
Go.
Sebastian!
Put it down!
Put it down, you sniveling
son of a whore!
We need more gin.
Yes, and food, I think.
It will prevent hangovers. Ah. Oranges.
Mmm!
Bread.
To soak up the gin.
Ah.
That's butter. The two go together.
More orange.
Orange man.
That'll be two pence.
Mather has the money.
Then Mather can have the orange.
Hey! Sorry. Sorry.
I will buy the oranges.
However many he wants.
The basket.
Yes, I'll take a basket... of oranges.
Thank you. Go!
Oranges, I like.
We shall keep those in our Commonwealth.
- Gin!
- And the bread.
- Bottles of gin!
- And the gin.
Yes. Gin... I like.
I like other things, too.
Ahh.
You've been a bad girl.
Harder.
The high and mighty
Cotton Mather is here.
Alone?
This need to copulate.
To thrive and spurt.
Even animals only rut in season.
This urge besets you night and day.
I just don't understand it.
Let me enlighten you.
Do you recognize him?
No, I don't.
Probably some foreign merchant.
Wealthy.
I think, perhaps, a
reverend is just what we need.
Ladies.
Mm. Such broad shoulders.
And so tall.
I bet those arms could reach
all the way up to heaven.
Come, darling.
Tell me what you like.
What I like?
I like oranges and gin.
No, no. No. I'm
a happily married man.
Reverend!
What a welcome surprise
to find you here.
What are you doing here?
Looking for you, dear friend.
Please... you are needed.
A matter of spiritual urgency.
Dorcas!
I'm drunk.
Back for a short time, sir?
Or a long time?
Sir.
Poor Mercy.
She was hardly the only victim
of Mary Sibley's lust for power.
And I knew when I saw her
sparkling like an unpolished diamond
in this den of iniquity,
that I had to free her from
the cruel circumstances
this heartless town
had condemned her to.
You are a good and godly man,
Magistrate Hathorne.
I am.
Surely love is where we find it.
And we have indeed found it.
Or it found us.
Maybe?
Will you help
us tonight, Reverend?
I will try.
"Marriage...
marriage is an honorable estate...
and not to be entered into lightly...
Soberly,
and in the fear of God."
Lovers...
Lovers may be lunatics.
And lovers may be beyond
the reach of reason...
and law.
And true lovers...
true lovers do not desire only love.
They desire...
they desire marriage.
Hm.
For if their love is the truest
and... and noblest love conceivable,
then those lovers are
only relieved by...
by both being happy slaves...
to one another.
You may now kiss the bride.
Do you have any oranges?
We are married.
An assassin.
Have you any idea who I am?
I know exactly who you are.
Your dagger.
I am betrayed!
Only my brother
could have told you
how to forge such a weapon!
It wasn't your brother.
Then it was one of his agents.
But I have no intention of dying.
Aah!
I would have liked one...
more orange.
I've brought the
rest of Mary Sibley's blood,
just as you asked.
Now it begins.
sync & corrections by siamond1976
- opensubtitles.org -
-= www.OpenSubtitles.org =-